
This is a story about a boy gradually become a hero. Long long ago, there is
 an country called Sanding, which surrounding with mountain. Our hero, a little
 boy whose name is LSFS was borned at here. When LSFS first time open his eyes
suddenly, weather become windy and cloudy, then it begins to rain. A golden ray
with dragon and phoenix appear one the sky.

The dragon and phoenix flew towards LSFS and landed on a hilltop nearby. Since
 he was a baby, they did not say anything out of respect, but rather explained
in detail to those nearby that he was the chosen one. However, the people laug
-hed at them - a dragon and a phoenix speaking their native tongue was too
bizzare for them to comprehend.

Then one horrible day, an evil dragon came into a village and began burning the
town down. Then, the baby who had now grown into a teenager leaped into action, 
saving the entire town from the evil dragon.

From then, villgers knew that LSFS is the chosen one, and they begun to show
thier respect to LSFS. Even LSFS was a hero to villgers, but he still want 
to have a peaceful life, instead being speical treated. At this time, drageon
and phoneix showing up, and they tell LSFS that he has saved the village, but 
now it's time to meet his fate --- kill the demon, and save the whole world.
Although, LSFS don't want to be the hero, but he still decided to solve the
demon, so he ride the dragon and with phoneix to find the demon.

After solving many troubles, and save many palces, LSFS finally see the demon,
and with the drageon and phoneix with him, LSFS resolve the crisis of demon, 
and the world return to peace. However, the demon is powerful for LSFS, after
the battle, LSFS is dying. To save him, dragon and phoneix merge together and
become a bead, melt into LSFS and save LSFS. Before dragon and phoneix had dead,
they told LSFS that evil still exist in this world, they hope LSFS can inherit
their mind, help them keep protect this world. With a little slience, LSFS agree
the reqirement, and swear to them, he will be the protecter of the world. Decades
years later, many taies are produced by poet, many people include children also
familiar with. All the tales are different but they all raise the same person:
LSFS!!  
